MTM6201 Web Portfolio Reflection

I created my web portfolio with the intent to display to potential employers the skills I have learned in the IMD program thus far, as well as some of my Fine Art background (from having completed a BFA at UOttawa in 2018). My desire was to keep the design and colour palette minimal in terms of the layout and structure of the website, in order to allow the work to be the main focus of the website. 

A challenge I faced with the development of this portfolio was knowing what works to include, to be honest - it took a good deal of reflection to decide on certain things that I wanted to include, and honestly think that as my work develops a lot of what is currently part of the website will not make the cut. Another large challenge I faced was using Bootstrap to create the majority of my layout on each page: I think it hugely simplifies grid but I think it is also still tricky to use. I overcame this challenge by making use of LinkedinLearning videos about Bootstrap, a lot of which I found extremely helpful! I also was cautious to be making sure I was actively typing out the different Bootstrap classes and utilities, so as not to find myself accidentally copying and pasting something into my project that I don't actually understand. The final layout I've achieved was possible through a combination of watching a lot of videos, reading a lot about Bootstrap layout, and  trial and error.

Otherwise, some challenges that came up were more related to functions that I have never had to code to - for instance, having a downloadable pdf of my CV for users to look at, or using a hamburger menu for my navigation. I overcame these as well through trial and error more than anything, and am pleased with the results - I feel confident that I could code popups and better mobile navigations than I have up to this point, and learned quite a deal of new HTML, CSS and Bootstrap through this project. I'm excited to see what develops with my portfolio website over the next two semesters, and what it will be when I graduate!

In terms of assets used that were not my own, I worked with Bootstrap as previously mentioned. I also imported two google fonts: 'Anton' and 'Gothic A1'. Thanks for a great semester! :)

